FairSeq language translation example (#592)
pytorch/serve: examples/nmt_transformer/README.md

# Transformer (NMT) models for English-French and English-German translation.

The Transformer, introduced in the paper [Attention Is All You Need](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762), is a powerful sequence-to-sequence modeling architecture capable of producing state-of-the-art neural machine translation (NMT) systems.

Recently, the [fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq#join-the-fairseq-community) team has explored large-scale semi-supervised training of Transformers using back-translated data, further improving translation quality over the original model. More details can be found in [this blog post](https://engineering.fb.com/ai-research/scaling-neural-machine-translation-to-bigger-data-sets-with-faster-training-and-inference/).

> In this example, we have show how to serve a [English-to-French/English-German Translation](https://pytorch.org/hub/pytorch_fairseq_translation/#english-to-french-translation) model using TorchServe. We have used a generalized custom handler, model_handler_generalized.py which enables us to translate English-to-French and English-to-German symultaneously. The generalized custom handler uses pre-trained [Transformer_WMT14_En-Fr / Transformer_WMT19_En-De](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/blob/master/examples/translation/README.md ) models from [fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we have shown how to serve a [English-to-French/English-German Translation](https://pytorch.org/hub/pytorch_fairseq_translation/#english-to-french-translation) model using TorchServe. We have used a generalized [custom handler](model_handler_generalized.py) which enables us to translate English-to-French and English-to-German simultaneously. The generalized custom handler uses pre-trained [Transformer_WMT14_En-Fr / Transformer_WMT19_En-De](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/blob/master/examples/translation/README.md ) models from [fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq). 
```

## Objectives
1. Demonstrate how to package a pre-trained Transformer (NMT) models for English-French and English-German translation with generalized custom handler into torch model archive (.mar) file
2. Demonstrate how to load model archive (.mar) file into TorchServe and run inference.

## Serve the Transformer (NMT) models for English-French/English-German on TorchServe

* To generate the model archive (.mar) file for English-to-French translation model using following command

    ```bash
    ./create_mar.sh en2fr_model
    ```

>     By execuing the above script file, the the model archive (.mar) file will be auto generated in "model_store" folder in the same working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The above command will create a "model_store" directory in the current working directory and generate TransformerEn2Fr.mar file.
```

	
* To generate the model archive (.mar) file for English-to-German translation model using following command

    ```bash
    ./create_mar.sh en2de_model
    ```

>     By execuing the above script file, the the model archive (.mar) file will be auto generated in "model_store" folder in the same working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The above command will create a "model_store" directory in the current working directory and generate TransformerEn2De.mar file.
```

* Start the TorchServe using the model archive (.mar) file created in above step

    ```bash
    torchserve --start --model-store model_store --ts-config config.properties
    ```

* Use [Management API](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/management_api.md#management-api) to register the model with one initial worker   
	For English-to-French model
    ```bash
    curl -X POST "http://localhost:8081/models?initial_workers=1&synchronous=true&url=TransformerEn2Fr.mar"
    ```
	For English-to-German model
	```bash
	curl -X POST "http://localhost:8081/models?initial_workers=1&synchronous=true&url=TransformerEn2De.mar"
	```
    Note:- Our model works only for one worker.

* To get the inference use the following curl command  
	For English-to-French model
    ```bash
    curl http://127.0.0.1:8080/predictions/TransformerEn2Fr -T model_input/sample.txt
    ```
	For English-to-German model
	```bash
	curl http://127.0.0.1:8080/predictions/TransformerEn2De -T model_input/sample.txt
	```

>     Here sample.txt contains simple english sentences which are given as input to [Inference API](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/inference_api.md#predictions-api). The output of above curl command will be the french translation of sentences present in the sample.txt file.

Reviewer: Provide the actual output.

Author: Added the output

## Batch Inference with TorchServe using Translation (NMT) model

### TorchServe Model Configuration

> To configure TorchServe to use the batching feature, provide the batch configuration information through "POST /models" API.

Reviewer: Point to docs/batch_inference_with_ts.md file instead.

Author: Done
